Well come back and stall and good for Windows was real fun wasn't it.
Now it's time to install notice on our windows machines.
For this week visit their website noti has taught or book and pick Starla for Windows.
This takes a while depending on the internet connection which you have.
I've already downloaded it.
OK then let's start to install it next.
And then of course you can read through all the light sensing agreement except these that don't change
to install directory and leave it.
OK.
And this is an important point.
Everything should be configured automatically but let's double check it.
I will install Also this on the local drive and that the path means that this get reaches that the system
in the PATH variable which makes the note and the NPM command and waybill on your command prompt.
Then hit next and install
this takes a while.
Let me fast forward things that you don't have to wait.
OK now it's finished.
Finish close this.
This Let's start to come out and prompt to check if it is.
It's stalled probably typing no dish.
We hit enter.
All right.
Rojan eight point twelve point Ciro.
And let's check if NPM is also installed on my system.
Yes it is where six point four point one.
And this is holloing install not years and NPM at the same time because they ship with one installer
in the next lecture we will install postscripts Eskew on our windows machines.
This one's real fun and really excited about it.
I'll see you on the next one.
Bye bye.